DX-370 added notice to requests that have riskIndicator (#44)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payments/credit-card/other-features.md

An example of a request is provided below. Each individual Property of the JSON
 document is described in the following section.

**Notice** to increase the chance for not invoking 3DSecure during a purchase, 

> it's recommended that you add as much data to the `riskIndicatorobject` in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it's recommended that you add as much data to the `riskIndicat` orobject in 
```

Author: ```suggestion
it's recommended that you add as much data to the `riskIndicator` object in 
```
